hey I just got back from writing my
final Japanese exam for the semester and
tomorrow morning I'm getting on the bus
the bus takes from the airport and the
airport takes me away to Germany it
seems that in the next few weeks I will
be in gutting in Germany and then also
in Nice on the côte d'azur in the South
of France the reason for the trip is to
try to visit my daughter the current
indications are that I may not get to
see my daughter I'm speaking to my
lawyer my lawyer speaking to a judge it
is what it is for the last two years
I've been a big proponent of voluntary
cooperation communication etc I really
did not want my ex-wife to have to go
through red tape to get anything done in
her life um and I didn't want her to
have to deal with red tape but I didn't
want have to deal with red tape and
trying to cooperate and co-parent and do
what's best for our child but the
experience the last two years has ended
sadly with lawyers and judges and my
having to go through legal procedures to
try to do the simplest things imaginable
my ex-wife told me that I could come
over and visit I wrote back giving her
the details of when I was available in
terms of my course schedule because I'm
at university when my holidays were and
so on she replied to that saying thank
you for this information very vague
non-committal answer and as is typical
of her because if had the experience
several times of setting up plans trying
to meet trying to somehow contact my
daughter and then at the last minute my
ex-wife tries to sort of poison it
cancel it or she makes threats and sort
of demands in a sort of blackmail way
that I sign away all of my right
in order to get the visit and it's very
strange because what she's asking me to
do is sign away my right to see my
daughter in exchange for seeing my
daughter and by the way at the same time
she's claiming falsely to the courts
that I have no interest in seeing my
daughter the same time CC discussions in
this potations not so it's a bit surreal
um I don't update you guys on youtube of
this too often it is you know nice for
me to imagine that one day my daughter
could see what's on this YouTube channel
I think it's very unlikely she'd
actually want to read all the emails of
who said what when but this comes back
to the question of why I would be making
this trip at all like okay so whatever
your story is um why am I getting on the
airplane tomorrow rather than canceling
the ticket or trying to get a refund or
something ultimately 10 years from now
20 years from now whenever it is
whatever it is you don't want to tell
your daughter i tried to visit you but
your mom sent me a bunch of nasty emails
you don't want to tell your daughter
well i was going to come and visit you
but the lawyer said this and your mom
said that and you know now been trying
to see my daughter for two years i have
not been able to see my daughter
ultimately the right thing for me to do
the only choice that can make the thing
i have to do is to get on the airplane
fly to germany and if I have to spend
the whole Christmas vacation sitting
there in Germany doing nothing I never
see my daughter once I'll be able to say
to her look I crossed the ocean I wasn't
all talk I showed up and whatever
nonsense your mom says or whatever
problems there were with the lawyers or
what have you I was there I wanted to be
a part of your life for your whole life
the same way I was a partier
life every day for the first ten months
your life I did what I could and this is
the first opportunity I've had to even
be on the same continent with my
daughter for almost two years this tuba
toothpaste has lasted for about that
length of time if you can read a bit of
the Chinese language you can tell this
is not from China this is from Taiwan i
bought this tuba toothpaste back when my
ex-wife my daughter and I we're all
living together an apartment in Taiwan
we moved from France to Taiwan together
and I've used this same to a toothpaste
twice a day every day for almost two
years so it's lasted that's a funny
little touchstone to remind me that in
some ways it's been a long time since
I've seen my daughter and in some way is
not such a long time at all